Docs for replay utility (#556)
Phala-Network/phala-blockchain: docs/replay.md

# Tokenomic Replay Utility

## Overview

> `replay` is a utility program designed to reproduce the tokenomic computation ouside a Gatekeeper. It comes with the following features:

Author: ```suggestion
`replay` is an utility program designed to reproduce the tokenomic computation outside a Gatekeeper. It comes with the following features:
```
